In the novel around the world in
80 days the character
Phileas Fogg successfully completed
a trip around the globe in 80 days.
In 1889 an American Journalist named Nellie Bly
decided to try to break that imaginary record.
In the section that follows,
Bly explains her plan to her bosses
at the newspaper where she works.
Listen to the section
from Nellie Bly's book,
to learn about some of
the challenges she faced,
then, answer the
questions that follow.
I wanna go around the world
in 80 days or less.
I think I can beat Phileas
Foggs record, may I try it?
To my dismay, he told me that in the office
they had thought of this same idea before,
and the intention
was to send a man.
However, he offered me the consolation
that he would favor my going,
and then we went to talk with
the business manager about it.
It is impossible for you to do
it, was the terrible verdict.
In the first place you are a woman,
and would need a protector,
and even if it were possible
for you to travel alone
you would need to carry so much baggage that it
would detain you in making rapid changes.
besides you speak nothing but English
so there is no use talking about it.
No one but a man could do this.
Very well I said angrily
start the man and I'll start the same day
for some other newspaper and beat him.
I believe you would he said slowly.
I would not say that had any
influence on their decision
but I do not that before we parted
I was made happy by the promise that if
anyone was commissioned to make the trip
I should be that one